air raid on a shopping plaza killed nine
people and wounded dozens of others a
fire engulfed the market in the El narat
refugee camp destroying several
stores well let's bring in Palestinian
journalist Hy Abu asiba he joins us live
from the gasa strip and uh honey if we
can begin with uh the civilian
casualties overnight can you tell us
more about the cafe that was targeted in
KH
Unice yes Tom well the This Tall from
only past night has reached to 82
Palestinians killed and more than 150
injuries the vast majorities are in
critical conditions and this this tall
in including the attacks on on the
popular Cafe in the city of Kanan Yun is
killing 12 people right at the spot we
just learned that those 12 people belong
to one family and just to give you a
sense of the tragedy that has been
created by the aist tribe
uh this the hospital has been a sight of
of sadness and tears and and and uh
remaining members of the family just
start pouring into the hospital uh
picking up the the bodies of their
family members who who were killed last
night in the attacks and we've seen a
pick up a truck where dead bodies uh are
stack on top of each other 12 of them
and we could see the coffin of of of
four four little ones myess these are
the children who were around the
vicinity of the coffee shop it's it's a
very horrific scenes and very sad scene
uh for the family members who could who
had survived the the attacks of last
night uh in addition to that uh we just
uh we heard this morning the the of the
killing of a Dutch national at
theat Camp when the attacks took happen
uh a late uh late hours of last night in
uh in the market of noat camp in the
middle areas of Gaza killing more than
10 people and leaving about 50 people in
serious conditions and honey Israel is
once again warning people in the north
of Gaza to to move further south or risk
attack are people heaing that warning
how many people are actually left do we
know in the north of The
Enclave
well unfortunately the warnings are not
causing any are not causing any good to
to Palestinian because the irony in this
is people who were asked to evacuate the
northern part and Gaza governorate and
ended up in the middle areas and the
southern part of Gaza particularly the
city of kanun and RAF found themselves
under Mass bombardment uh a situation
that created a sense of lack of of of of
security and safety anywhere of Gaza
some of these family decided just to go
back to Gaza and said if we're going to
die we'll just die at our homes now with
that going on uh I mean we're talking
about hospitals are not safe uh onw
designated the schools as shelters are
not safe and we've seen an example of
yesterday a residential home near an
honorous school was attack the vast
majority of casualties brought to the
hospital n hospital where from that
School of that honorable School more
than 35 of men and women and younger
children brought to the hospital from
the school now we're not sure about the
number of people who were killed in that
attack because it's a fivestory building
that came down on on on